come on let's eat that's my family Matt
madam Lee Maithili my Aki's he's my good
working hard hard core deck head right
there you see this is this is this is
what I do sit on my ass while I watch it
work I don't know huh
that's the winch right there for that
wire cut your knees nice red flag barges
which means they'll explode if somebody
smokes out here on tow this is on this
bar just a massive barge
boating that motherfucking down beat
that work I'm also happy - are ya beat
that wire that's what I need right there
Yeah right there beat the shit out here
now look you pull that other wire tight
over for look like baby here one click
Nick hey don't go where his check that
one out
he's looking good for the camera good
and tight
frozen ice look cold out today nice nice
warm and balmy 25 degrees be careful
what's wrong with all that dog here hold
on
there is hawking of Lube
yeah snick bogey but that why is frozen
Cox